1. Keep your laptop/desktop ready before coming to Lab.
2. Install Ubuntu  16.10 on your computer system.
3. Keep back up of your computer system data. (In case, installation of new software your system OS may be corrupted).
4. Revise PPT/ Study Material/ Notebook before coming to Lab.
5. Each Lab will be evaluated same day. So, you need to complete assignment in Lab Timing.

Objective:

C1. To improve the underdanding of virtualization concepts.
C2. To understand the concepts and use of REKALL memory forensic tool to gain the debug information of OS to gain insight into kernel symbols. 
C3. To understand the concepts and use of Guest-OS state based Virtual Machine Introspection tool (e. g. LibVMI) to detect hidden processes from outside the virtual domains.
C4. To understand the concepts and use of Kernel-debugging based Virtual Machine Introspection tool (e. g. DRAKVUF) to perform execution tracing from outside the virtual machine. 
C4. To understand the network attacks in virtual domains and how they are tackled using traditional security tool (SNORT).  
C5. To understand and learn the basic architecture of Cloud by doing hand-on on open source Cloud Management tool.


A1. Install Xen Hypervisor and Create Virtual Machine (with Windows 7 guest OS).

A2. List all Domains from Privileged domain of Hypervisor. Connect to one of the Virtual Machine from Hypervisor (VMM) Console without password.

A3. Install Rekall Memory Forensic Framework and configure it to create the PDB file of monitored virtual machine's operating system. 

A4. Install LibVMI on Xen Hypervisor and extract the address location, name and process id of all processes running on monitored VM from Dom0. 

A5. Intall DRAKVUF on Dom0 of VMM to extract the list of system calls of running processes, running inside monitored VM.

A6. Install Wireshark and configure it to trace the Virtual Network Interfaces of Virtual domains running above it. Store the captured data for each virtual machine.

A7. Install SNORT in one of the monitored Virtual Machine. Create the Attack traffic lets say scanning attack from one virtual machine to another virtual machine and detect it.

A8. Configure SNORT to block all ICMP traffic comming to monitored Virtual Machine in which it is installed.

A9. Setup OpenStack using three nodes, i.e. Network node, Controller node and Compute node. 

 